Improve README documentation clarity (#2341)
WordPress/performance: README.md

[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/WordPress/performance/graph/badge.svg?token=zQv52K2LWz)](https://codecov.io/gh/WordPress/performance)

Monorepo for the [WordPress Performance Team](https://make.wordpress.org/performance/), primarily for the Performance Lab plugin, which is a collection of standalone performance-related features.

Details about the Performance Lab plugin, including instructions for getting started and contributing, are available in the [Performance Team Handbook](https://make.wordpress.org/performance/handbook/performance-lab/).

For WordPress and PHP version requirements, please refer to the [CONTRIBUTING.md file](https://github.com/WordPress/performance/blob/trunk/CONTRIBUTING.md).

> The feature plugins that are currently included in this plugin are:

Reviewer: The feature plugins are not included in Performance Lab. They are indeed “featured by” this plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The feature plugins which are currently featured by this plugin are:
```

For WordPress and PHP version requirements, please refer to the [CONTRIBUTING.md file](https://github.com/WordPress/performance/blob/trunk/CONTRIBUTING.md).

> The feature plugins which are currently featured by this plugin are:

Reviewer 2: nit: feature...featured sounds redundant. included or bundled or provided?

Reviewer: How about “highlighted”?

```suggestion
The feature plugins which are currently highlighted by this plugin are:
```

Reviewer 2: Sounds good to be, mostly trying to avoid repeating "feature".

[40]: https://github.com/WordPress/performance/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22%5BPlugin%5D+View%20Transitions%22
[44]: https://github.com/westonruter/nocache-bfcache/pulls

> Note that the plugin names sometimes diverge from the plugin slugs due to scope changes. For example, a plugin’s purpose may change as some of its features are merged into WordPress core.

Reviewer 3: Gemini shows below answer:

> In the context of GitHub documentation—and technical writing in general—the difference between these two boils down to straight quotes versus curly (smart) quotes.
>
> The short answer: plugin's (the straight quote) is the standard.

cc. @westonruter 

```suggestion
Note that the plugin names sometimes diverge from the plugin slugs due to scope changes. For example, a plugin's purpose may change as some of its features are merged into WordPress core.
```
